# Event_Driven_Programming
Implementing a car dealership for Waymo, which involves multiple independently operated dealers and plants manufacturing Waymo cars, that is, the developed system consists of multiple dealers (clients), and multiple car plants (servers). The dealers can buy multiple cars from the plants with lower prices. 

An Operation Scenario of the dealership system is outlined as follows:
(1) The Plant uses a pricing model to calculate the car price. If the new price is lower than the previous price, it emits a (promotional) event and calls the event handlers in the dealers that have subscribed to the event.
(2) A Dealer evaluates the price, generates an OrderObject (consisting of multiple values), and sends the order to the Encoder to convert the order object into a plain String.
(3) The Encoder converts the object into a string.
(4) The Encoder sends the encoded string back to the caller.
(5) The Dealer sends the encoded string to one of the free cells in the MultiCellBuffer.
(6) The Plant receives the encoded string from the MultiCellBuffer and sends the string to the Decoder for decoding.
(7) The Decoder sends the OrderObject to the Plant. The decoded object must contain the same values generated by the Dealer.
(8) The Plant creates a new thread to process the order;
(9) The OrderProcessingThread processes the order, e.g., checks the credit card number and calculates the amount.
(10) The OrderProcessingThread sends a confirmation to the dealer and prints the order (on screen).
